Week 1

Formed a group before the week 1 lab. I created a Jira account and 
linked it to the project, as well as linking my pre-existing GitHub 
account to the project GitHub. Discussing with the team we defined the 
scope of the project and wrote up the user epics and user stories on 
Jira.

Week 2

Team met again on Monday. We discussed user stories defined previously, 
refining and adding a few. We also began the project proposal and 
distributed work between the team members. On a high level project 
structure was decided. I was assigned to flow diagrams in the technical 
section of the proposal along with my team member Samantha.

Week 3

Quiet week as we prepare for the start of the actual project having done 
most of the work on the proposal as a group already. I began looking at 
Django which I will be working with significantly during the project. We 
also met on Friday during the lab in which we finalised the project and 
distributed work with the intention of completing the first sprint.

Began template models with the other backend members.

Week 4

Met with backend memebers on Monday and worked as a group to familiarise 
more with Django, as well as set out view and url drafts. Added forms 
and serialisers files. Worked on the views, models, forms, serializers 
and tests for Recipe. Having got a grasp on how they work together 
combined with Django, will begin to focus on satisfying sprint user 
stories.

Just before Week 5, implemented ingredients with Recipes for specific 
GET and POST and the single ingredient GET and POST.

Week 5

Refactored backend to utilise rest_framework modules, removing the need 
for django forms and simplifying the view logic. Required rewriting of 
serializers and the creation of a comprehensive test suite. Also updated 
the urls to accommodate the flexible ModelViewSet from the 
rest_framework, and integrated Michael and Sam's search function into 
the recipe list function.

Week 6

Met up with team on Monday, discussed roles for the upcoming long sprint 
as well as redistribution of team workload. Also was assigned GitHub 
branch management as a resulto of the retrospective which I will be 
maintaining as the next sprint progresses. Worked on trying to get token 
based user registration, login and logout working.
